Improve documentation of tangent types (#573)
JuliaDiff/ChainRulesCore.jl: docs/src/rule_author/tangents.md

Tangents support a number of operations.
Most importantly: `+` and `*`, which let them act as mathematical objects.

To be more formal they support operations which let them act as a vector space.

## Operations on a tangent type
Any tangent type must support:

>  - `zero` which returns a additive identity for that type (though it can just return `ZeroTangent()` (see below))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `zero` which returns an additive identity for that type (though it can just return `ZeroTangent()` (see below))
```

 - `+` for addition between two tangents of this primal, returning another tangent of this primal. This allows gradient accumulation.

>  - `*` for multiplication (scaling) by a scalar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `*` for multiplication (scaling) by a scalar.
```

>  - `+` between a tangent and it's primal type returning another tangent of the primal type -- differential geometers sometimes call this expodential map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `+` between a tangent and it's primal type returning another tangent of the primal type -- differential geometers sometimes call this exponential map.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `+` between a tangent and its primal type returning another tangent of the primal type -- differential geometers sometimes call this exponential map.
```

> Further they often support other linear operators as is convenient for the use in defining rules. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Further they often support other linear operators for convenience in writing rules. 
```

## The subtypes of AbstractTangent

Not all tangents need to subtype the AbstractTangent type -- infact most don't: most are just numbers or arrays -- but ChainRulesCore does provide a number of special tangent types that can be very useful. 

 - [`ZeroTangent`](@ref): It is a special representation of `0`. It does great things around avoiding expanding `Thunks` in addition.
 - [`NoTangent`](@ref): Zero-like, represents that the operation on this input is not differentiable. Its primal type is normally `Integer` or `Bool`.

>  - [`Tangent{P}`](@ref Tangent): this is the tangent for tuples and  structs. Use it like a `Tuple` or `NamedTuple`. The type parameter `P` is for the primal type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - [`Tangent{P}`](@ref Tangent): this is the tangent for (named)tuples and  structs. Use it like a `Tuple` or `NamedTuple`. The type parameter `P` is for the primal type.
```

Author: A named tuple really is just a struct
